Sarah Thomas  00:00
Pager right now, that just describes our services. And they will, like, often, forward that one pager to the person, or they're talking, oh my gosh, like I always have, you know, things I can't find. Accountants, whatever they have, like, things missing. So they tell them, Oh, you got to talk to Sarah. You got to talk to Vince. And they make an intro, they send a one pager, or they send an intro. But for instance, one of the guys that works for us as a referral partner, he's like, a male dance and he, you know, when he's talking, he just is like, Dude, you should do this. I think they have staff. Like, doesn't have to. He's not, but he's not the he doesn't know what to say. He really knows how to articulate what we do, okay? But he has actually brought in several referrals like and so he knows people, and he uses word of mouth to just say, talk to Sarah Vince, and we close the deal. So whatever he's doing is working. Okay? No, that's not the message. So what we're trying to do is formalize the program and have referral partners who, once a month, get an email from us updates on mez tal as a community, the mission that we're on any new testimonials our newsletter, so that they feel part of the best health community, and their top best health is top of mind for them with those monthly emails. We also want to give them tools that are top of mind that they can use when they talk to people, like how to make sure that you can articulate our value proposition. You know, what model of business we have. We're not misstepping on saying what we do. So today, our goal is to show you an outsider all of our resources that we have available. We don't need your immediate feedback on each resource. We want you to digest it and think about all of the products that we have, the assets that we have right now. So what the first thing is, we have something called Why GD, why? I'll go through the list, and then we'll go through the documents. But we have something called ygdl. And when clients come for an immersion trip, or potential clients come down to Guadalajara, we do a presentation on why would you do business in Mexico? Why Guadalajara is important, about the economic value of it. Then also our founders history, where we came from, the whole spiel about mess Tao as a whole. We also talk about the type of roles, the type of cost savings, what we could do for your business testimonials. It's a very big, comprehensive deck. We want to show you this because some of it could be in like, we believe if we put together tools. We believe if we put together tools, someone like you are going to want to watch a video of ygdl and look for like, the whole hour that we do that presentation. You're going to want to fully understand the history. Someone like Paul moment is never going to read that or listen to that video if we record it, but he would do like a 10 minute summary video that he could then replicate. So we feel as an asset we have this. We will put it in like a folder for the recruiting the referral partners. Not everyone will read it, but or watch it, but the people who really want to, like get involved, want to know the history, they will watch the whole thing. We think, because I'm going to put a to make list, we these are the things we have now, but we're going to make other things. I think we need to record this lot, long version and record a soft, short, 10 minute training video of what our value is. So I'll show you what we have now. We have a one pager. We'll show you that because it's the easiest thing to just forward. Hey, I think you could probably use medstelle. Take a look at what they do. That's it. Even if you don't tell them what we do, you just forward the one pager. There's also an opportunity to take the recruiting, I mean, the referral partner program that we're now trying to formalize, and invite them to all of our immersion trips every month. I mean, every quarter we do an immersion trip. We take potential clients, we take current clients, we invite them. They come down for a three day experience. You know of this, but I think it's a valuable tool to engage the recruiting, sorry, the referral partners, because if they come down once, then they see the space, they know the people, they learn about the firsthand, and then when they're back out in the field with whatever they do, they are going to be able to help us more, because they'll be Like, No, you really have to understand it's more sophisticated than you think. Because so the buy in will be better. I think we'll have two types of referral partners. One will be sure, sure, sure. I'm already talking to people, especially in senior living, especially in age Tech, I get it. I'll just send them the one pager and that's it. Then we'll have. Other people who are not in our industry, but maybe on the digital side of things, not in person, not at all these conferences we already go to, but on the digital side of things, could do more digital outreach for like target markets, target client types, and they might need a different set of resources than the people who are just talking about it with their colleagues, like a salesperson who doesn't plan to actually go to a conference is different than another senior living operator who's got to tell their friends. So the referral partner, like group is going to be somewhat diverse. So that's why we might need different resources. So we have a video, for instance, I'll show you of the immersion of an immersion trip. We don't want this one public, because there's alcohol and that's not the brand for that stuff. So we're not putting it on LinkedIn. Well, I know, but it's not so we do, however, talk about the culture of Mezcal and the culture of tequila in the town of tequila, and the beauty of that, when you get to know us, and it is a part of it, but we just don't want the asset out publicly, the work ethic of the culture of creating such a beautiful Yeah, but not come down here and Get drunk. That's not our message, for sure. So this one, I think we could give it to select referral partners, but we have to somewhat tell them when to use it. For instance, I know a group wants to come down, but they also want to talk about business. They I could send it to that particular person, but I'm not going to put that publicly. I'm not going to put it on land. We have a new document that's like the one pager, but it talks about the types of roles we fill. We think that's going to be useful for the referral partners, so that they know how to answer when you talk to a brand new person, of like, you should use them, Oh, yeah. Like for the accounting role, yes, like you have to be able to answer that. So we have kind of sample roles. We also have a lot that we're building around community in Mexico with the community of employees. Why we differentiate against other models? Why we differentiate against other staffing companies, other competitors, is because we are building a community and a lot of benefits for our employees, including a community of events and trainings and discounts and things to make them really feel a part of mezcal, not just work for a client in the US, and this is a selling point to our clients. So as we help with retention, we help with community building, to keep the people working for you, we also keep them engaged with us. So there's like you want to be able to say that you need like you as brand new to this somewhere in our documents. You shouldn't have to just extrapolate this and say, oh, like, how does that help me get clients for you, we should dot that line over to a resource for you that has the talking point of like, why is it important in Mexico that was important to you client, then I'm building a community in Mexico. Well, doing that so that the more stickiness and consideration we have for that community, the longer they stay working for you, because they're also happy with their employer. We are the employer forever. So then we have a community calendar and events calendar for here, and we can show you, like, all the types of events we engage we care about the employees, health and well being, and all of their dimensions of wellness and like, really, their mental health and their physical health, we have yoga classes and all of these things. So we show you that good benefits, plus it's a discount, discounts, yeah, the benefits and discounts that we offer for the community members. Here we have a document the resources. We'll show it to you, and then the newsletter is something we do monthly, and we'll show you this. It's a template, so we show you how we how we utilize that, but it features an employee's story. It features a holiday it features a tip about working remotely, or something about leadership, and it summarizes the events from the prior month. So it's a nice kind of resource that we have, we probably underutilize it. And so I think the referral partners, if they were to get this every month, you want to read like, what's up at mezcal, and once you're thinking about us, you probably refer us more so if I but I don't have the referral partners getting those or reading those right now. So it's stuff that Nami and I are brainstorming how we would make you feel like you care about Mezcal and want to talk about us. Yes, it's great collateral so far. So I think it's pretty good for sure. That's awesome content. So one thing we haven't defined for our referral partners or for you yet is the ideal customer and talking points for the value proposition. We have it all in here, but I think we need to pull it out so it's super simple for you, sure. And then the thing that the other thing we don't have is the I the difference of the model, which I will explain to you. But to me, these are the three things that I have walked away from and said, Wow, we have a lot of stuff, but if I give all this to you, what else do you need to be successful right now, I think those are the three things you'll need that I didn't give you in this. So if we show these to you, you don't have to learn them and absorb all it yet. But if we show these to you, I would like to get to the point where, what else do you need like and I want to 10 minute video. This will be an hour to an hour and a half. And I think why GDL somehow needs to be consolidated. We go between an hour and hour half when we present it. So I think in order for you to i Okay, pretty much. So I think in, I think in like 2025, minutes, I can go, have no way to go through these assets so you see them, not that you understand them or read them fully, but that you see what they are, then I'd like to be able to articulate to you, because you'll have a ton of questions, because you're not going to read all of them right now, I'd like to articulate to you the ideal customer, our value proposition and our business model, because these are Three things that people mess up all the time, and then from then in the last five or 10 minutes, what I would like from you is what's missing to make you successful as a referral partner. Okay, so let's go through the assets first so that you can see, because, like, even with all these assets, I'm recognizing a couple things are missing. So I think you'll see, like I would, I would still have this question, yeah, and then I just want to see what else we need to create. I'll try to come up with those with questions as we go through. But it might, I might need to think but no problem you can think about creepy. So now let's turn it to them. I may i We are not going to present them to you. We're going to click through them, because everything will take way too long. If, but I want you to know what exists, then we're going to create a charity, created the master folder. You can go through and read them and then, but like, if you look at them right now, you're probably going to say, I just want to know more about that one thing. I don't want all of that you know, you might realize that topics are too much, the more the better for new Yeah, like Paul and on small pager, but I like, we have to figure out how to get this to be short and like a package thing that the referrals partners will read. Someone who is dedicated will want more and will provide it. Yes, I get but okay, let's show so George. This is our day. This is the wide GDL presentation. This is what we do when people come in for the immersion charter. It takes an hour to an hour and a half. We will record a visual of this. We'll record a presentation of this so that the rest of our partners have this. Okay, do you mind if I report? No, I'm not presenting it, no, like just as you go through this, do you mind if I record? I don't care, but you're gonna need that, because you're gonna have this whole folder. Cool. Okay, I just so whatever you want. Okay, good. Okay, so we go through team, but you do have to pay attention. That's all paperwork, so that you pay attention later. Okay, we go through team. We go through a wide like actual Guadalajara overview, like the white Guadalajara is unique, Yes, honey. Why Guadalajara? What the business zones are in doing business in Guadalajara, all of the companies that work in Guadalajara, the type of type of universities there are, and all of the type of technical learnings there are in Guadalajara. So we show like that student pool. We show all of the other large name brand. Corporates that work here, try to validate. Read all this later, but just in other topics. Again, we can partner with any of these businesses. It legitimizes. Why this? Why Guadalajara is not a like village? Why like something more about this area, the economy in the area, and Luis goes into the GDP. Luis goes into like, our positioning economically within the area, the unemployment rates. Some business people really want to get into this stuff. I don't think the referral partners need to know this, but it's important to just have it tour our business partners. Why people invest in Guadalajara. We talk about general near shoring here's like all the direct flights from the US. So it shows how it's easy to come to business here. It shows you again why you were doing business in Mexico, the trade barriers, the lower cost, the operating cost. We go into this, but we talk about, why do business in Mexico? Benefits we have to provide so that people are aware of the legal requirements of the benefits the holiday calendar, so that they're aware it's different than the US our benefits for our own employees, because we have a wellness program, these are all of our comprehensive benefits that we have curated specifically like extra things for academic discounts and services and making them want to be part of me as hell. Calendar events we care about all dimensions of wellness, with yoga classes and celebrating mental health and awareness, like healthy living and so we give a sample to show we really invest time and energy into building this community. If you're working here, what our office space is like, again, way too much for a typical referral partner. So that's really what we present, the value of retention, right? That's basically what that sounds Yeah. Client testimonials. In case people want to see what people say about us, you'll get all this later. Current clients, we continue to grow this so that they see some familiar remember right now, Senior Living, age tech, they know each other's names. So if I gave that to someone else, they might not know these names. But for what we're currently doing, it works. But like wild is the largest US, edibles, marijuana edibles, company like I would need to figure out what else is going to be valuable to other people who are in that type of industry. If we're going to target that industry, for instance, we give sample resumes to the clients or during that meeting so that they could see the type of talent. They look at the big fours and like, wait, you have real accountants, yeah, with real accountants like before, like the seed, like, no, like Deloitte and KPMG like these. Like, in the accounting world, they think we're gonna get, like, backyard accountants who learned math on their own. And we're like, No, we worked for major internet IBM. Like, we pulled them from idea we change perception, is what the goal is. We change perception in this meeting, testimonials from the employees and building community that cares and so then we answer questions. So that's the first asset. I don't talk much through the others, because they're self explanatory, but I'll just show you the other assets. So this is the one pager you'll get. It typically just says what we do, why we do it, and some testimonials and how to reach us. That's it. Let's do the one with the roles. So we added kind of an additional brochure to the one pager that shows the benefits the events, kind of summarized the leadership team, summarized the culture of why we work here, summarized and then what types of roles, because a lot of people want to know, like they think we only do accounting because they got referred to from someone who got an accountant, but they never expanded to marketing. But wait, you do marketing too, like yeah, these are the all the roles we'll fill for other clients. These are roles we have right now for them. So it's yeah, it's and it doesn't have to be senior living. An accountant can work at a real estate firm, a tech company, a school system, whatever. So this is valuable for our referral partners to know the types of roles. Did you make a target client idea simple since yesterday, because I said we needed it. It jumper, let's go to the benefits. Okay, okay, so, just so you have this, George, this is like, again, building community for RMS. Tell employees. This is. These are services that are discounts and negotiations that do not get passed off to the client for cost. It's just things we've added in to drive value and help with retention, like the discounts in their car services here, or their discounts in taking an extra education class. We've negotiated on their behalf lots of things to keep the employee after being engaged that this is a major differentiator, probably underutilized by us, altogether. Major differentiator than a lot of other Mexican companies, lot of Mexican companies. You are a number. They don't care, and they're not going to negotiate on your behalf. We care and like, if you need something, we're going to try to negotiate. And we hear about needing child care. So like, let's try to get a child care partner. Like, we are doing things to try to help keep people healthy and happy, including their home life healthy and happy, their travel discounts, like, when they have their time off, and we featured them and stuff. So because people want to know, clients want to know, how do we differentiate in the Mexican market? Because they don't know the Mexican market, well, we differentiate from Amazon. Because if you're going to be an accountant, we'd much rather be an accountant working or like a manager not overseeing a manufacturing plant who doesn't care about you, but like working for mission driven companies, almost so far, all of our clients have mission driven businesses. They are working to help improve the lives of older adults. They're helping people age better. They are working for companies that care, and we are building a community that cares, and people would rather work for companies who care about them and the world than just working for I mean, I won't say Amazon's probably a bad example, because everyone else worked for Amazon, but you know, Manufacturing as an industry is not as mission driven as aging services. We'll say manufacturing. Let's show you a typical newsletter. So this goes out right now, monthly, and there's a message for me, you know, thanking them, usually giving a quote, commenting on like, how hard working and thinking that the team and our clients for all the work based usually around a quote. We talk then something about a culture or holiday, something to feature what we're all doing that month, usually collectively, like the Olympics, the history of the Olympics and why it started, and then there's meet a member. And we varied that holiday, by the way, just because it's kind of interesting to me, sometimes we feature a Mexican holiday because people are going to have a day off, and our clients don't know why they have that day off, because we don't have that day in the US. And then vice versa. Like, it's going to be a disruption in business and they're going to be working, but their bosses in the US aren't working, and they have a day off in the US. Like, can we value each other's cultures so that they're hearing about that? And then meet the members we always do a nominee does a GET TO KNOW you document when someone starts like, what is their history, what's important to them? What are their hobbies like? Why did they join us? How really getting to know them. And if they've ever seen somewhere in the world they like, what is your goal in life? And then we feature all that in a like, truly more personalized, not so much about their job, about them, so that everybody can see the face and get to know the people. This is external and internal, or right now, it's all of our current clients. Is it all of our employees too? Yeah, right, yes, yeah, all of our employees, all of our current clients. We do share a couple things sometimes that probably shouldn't be like, we don't put all of it on LinkedIn, or we don't put it publicly, because we feature, sometimes the logos of our clients, and I feel like it's okay because it's internal, but we don't put that truly publicly. But we've done adaptations where we pull from a newsletter to a one page, or take a piece of it and feature it on LinkedIn, because we know it's not violating any confidentiality. Sure, they always welcome new members that joined the month before. We don't say the client they work for, because this is about mezcal, and they've joined Mezcal whether they're working for care or a different client. So it's just welcome to the team always explore a new benefit that's on the page, how they access it, where they can go to it. Then, if there's a new one here, that then adds it to the benefits list, usually a tip about leadership, about time management, some sort of it's usually an article we just summarize and then link to the article. It's but it's you also, if it's a trend we've noticed here. It as an issue, we sometimes try to feature it there, like how to manage a remote team, while keeping culture like typical magazines do that we just feature it. It's not public. We're not making money off it. Coverage of the events really personal people that participated, and if we had any trainings or education sessions. We talk about those and feature those, really showing that we have an engaged community. And if clients come, we show that, but we also show like the next events that are coming the next month or that month, and then any if client comes down, or an employee goes to us, we ask to feature that story to show that people really engage across culture. So that is an option to send to you or to the network monthly that's not going to them right now, I think it's valuable for the referral partners to see it and to feel like, oh my gosh, they really are doing so much I got to talk about so it's a tool, and we do it anyway, so why not send it to that proposal? So okay, a merchant ship video. You know what an emergency is, so we don't have to show you that right now. I don't think roles, Doc, benefits, community, calendar newsletter, merchant trip invite, one pager and why GDL, well, did I show you the most recent membership? It's two minutes. No. Man Who there's a cool hat you recognize your style, But I'm free. You I know, take you there is that sound busy? Great movie. Says, nice. Oh, nice. So again, that's not for public consumption. It's just like to summarize after song cons. It's pretty fun. Everyone loves a recap video, yeah. But if I send it to you as a referral partner, like, it kind of makes you want to go, I think, or like 10, for sure, I think that's content you can use to make, like a super cut. Yeah, did you miss anything that? No, oh, why don't you show me what you created that I don't know exists? Okay, so I did this. What's Next up, using some info from the website, just like bullet points, control, comprehensive management. Gap. This is simple, too. Organizations. This happened between last night and this morning. These two documents changed. I didn't know how to do them. I said we're gonna need them, but they're great, stabilizing culture promoters, employee centric companies, yeah, these are great. I Oh, nice, okay. Yeah, the. Great. I'll take all three of these and I'll edit them slightly, but those are, those are exactly what I need. Thank you. We also have the one from the chamber I put also like bullet points, but you need to review each of them. Okay? And they the decimals are now in different documents. Okay? Perfect pictures. Yeah. Oh, wow. Okay, awesome. Did you find the one from? Remember the long one? Vin? Was this one from Catherine? Or is there another one? Well, that's a quote, but she did a case study, like, a lot, like, we started by doing this, we messed up and did that, and then we did this. And now with this, it's like, longer thing. He sent a document of questions, and then she answered back, like, more comprehensively. Okay, he's probably thinking, I don't know how you're going to use that, so that's why he's not going to give it to you. But just get it, because I think you and I can be creative of how we might want a case study. Okay, so George, to take away, I want to talk about two things you understand now why the ygdl can be an hour video, or we should probably try to condense it so there's a smaller video for someone who just wants a snapshot of it. Yes, no, I may already just created a template for the version of the ideal customer, talking points for the value proposition and the differences of the models. But I want to get into these a little bit because I think, like right away, this is what's important to you. So the biggest thing for the differences, we'll go with the differences in the models. So someone will say to you, yeah, I have a team in India. I have a team in India, or I have a team in the Philippines. And typically what that means, just by the demographic, could also be in Mexico, but typically the model is an outsourced model. An outsourced model means I don't want to do accounting. I'm going to give accounting to another team. Yeah, let me just do it. You can already know it, but let me just do let me just one of the slides was that it was like outsourcing versus, I know, but you just did it last night, and I want to make sure you understand this difference, because it's majorly The important part of our business. So they go to an outsourced model to just get a whole task or a whole department done. But when you go do that, you don't have any control over your brand, over their turnover, over whether they're good, over the quality of the outcome, over whether they swap out the team. So I can say I want accounting done. And one week I'm talking to Joey, and the next week, the account manager is Susan. They can't, it doesn't matter. They're getting the job done. That's their team, that's their turnover, that's their issue. The value prop for that is usually it's cheap labor, and you get it done without touching it, without bothering with it, you don't want to even deal with it, so there is value in it. But you have to know that's not what we do, because people automatically assume it. Today, I we have conversations Vince and I with clients who still don't understand that's not what we do. So you have to get that when you talk about it, because it's the most important part. We there's some value cheap labor. You don't have to touch it. We want you to maintain especially with the companies we're targeting for clients. We want you to maintain the control over your brand, your team culture, like your code of ethics and your own mission, vision and values. We want you to maintain the integrity of the work that's being delivered and control over the employees, not just the outcome, but the employees. And we also want to make sure that it's efficient and that you're supported, so we provide all of the it, like the hardware, the laptops, the office space, HR Payroll we handle as the employer of record. Handle all the messy stuff, all the HR issues, all the legal issues, all the risk is on us. There are employees in Mexico, all of the hassle of the benefits and the payroll in the HR is all us, but you control the day to day. You make the hiring decision. It's an it's an offshoring model or a near shoring model. In this case, offshoring means there has to be a shore between them, and X was attached. So that's why it's near shoring. People who know it know what nearshoring is. I had never heard of it when I even invested in this company. So I'm just telling you so that's so targeted, so it's not outsourced. Someone else does it. It's your source. Like outsourcing is given it to someone else in for us, it's like, it's more type of info you can share, like that really helps laser focus on the type of people that already are looking for what you're Yes, yes. So that's a great example of that. So it's why it's more than like, we need to just refine the document a little, because I want to tell this story to you and then work to refine what. Context. Yeah. So the nearshoring model allows us to, we maintain, we do all the hassle. We do that, but you maintain. You give us your job description. We hire for the skills and experience that you're looking for. You're not taking from a bunch of people we already have, and too bad if they're not good. We are going to continue to recruit as a service. Recruiting is always included. We continue to recruit till you find a candidate you like that fits your team, your experience, your expertise, your mission. Then you make the hiring decision, we just provide the offer you make the like you. From then on, they're only assigned to you. They can't work for anyone else at meth top. They can't work another job that competes with the time. So outsourcing, if you give it to an outsourcer, they have many clients. They're answering the phone for multiple clients, not just you. You might feel important because they're assigned to your account. No these people can only work for you. They're only doing what you tell them to do in a day, which means, if you hired someone for an admin, but decided you wanted a project management and you you're going to give them something else, there is no scope of work that like has to change. They're your person, salary. They do whatever you want. Well, not there yet, no, not relevant. It's the same as in the US. You, you you are offered, you're hiring someone, and they are in your team. And so however you manage their time, their day, their responsibilities, their outcome, your evaluation. They're your person. So you also make the firing decision between if they're not the right fit, you're not just stuck with them, which is what happens when you're in an outsourcing model. You're stuck. That's who you get, because you're paying for the outcome. So you're not thinking about who they are. It's not people centric in an outsource model and when, when say they want to when you're selling it to someone in your that's one of the advantages of being able to fire like. We just say like, you can they can like, tell you not the person they want to fire, and you can find a person to replace them, so that there's no gap in like, is that one of the Yeah, one of the benefits is we work with you. If you want to terminate someone. We work with you to do all of the HR related things, doing all the pips, doing all like, the performance improvement plans, doing all of the termination process. And if, if we know you're in process of terminating someone, we could start recruiting for that role so that you could start interviewing before you terminate, so that there won't be a gap in between. So there's value in that too. The pips are also managed by you. Yeah, any HR, so anything that happens with like we work with them if there's a performance issue to be able to help improve that performance issue. We encourage every client to give clear objective goals that's reasonable to work towards, but if they are underperforming and they're not the right fit, we help with the termination process. So in the interest of time, I'll tell you who our ideal client is and who sucks at being a client like just so you know, people who just want cheap labor, they honestly don't care about anything. I just, oh, let me tell you one more about the model difference, because we're handling all of the employees here, with the office, with the HR, which with the community building. The next layer of our value proposition is we are building a community like nothing else in Mexico, and so we're differentiating in the market. We're helping for any of the employees that are engaging with them to be like top tier employees, and we're trying to we're helping with retention by building that community, investing in the employee, so they're not just working for you, but they're supported by us and by the community. Now they only work for you, but isn't it wonderful to have an. Added layer of support that you don't have to pay attention to as a client, we're making sure they have also additional resources and feeling, you know, support systems that only helps with their happiness, their satisfaction, their retention. They're not jumping to another client. They're not jumping to another, you know, another business. They're not job hopping, which happens in the US a lot, because people drop off all the time, and we try to help with our retention rates are much, much better than the US. Great selling point. So ideal customer, someone who has any open position that can be managed remotely, I say that, and I have to say that, because in senior living and in healthcare, there are nurses that they can't find to go work the floor to help with medication and to change people and to help with dressing and walking and all these things. We don't fill anything in the US. So we are not sending someone over with a visa to go live in the US from here, we're not an immigration company. We so I reiterate that to you, because you're not in healthcare, so you're probably like anything's remote, and I believe most things are remote. So accounting, it like any technical support, any call center, any product support specialist, any account management person. Recruiters sit here. Call for those nurses, but they call, and they can call in the US, but they're just not the nurses who are going to go work the shift. They're the recruiters who are going to recruit for nurses, or recruit for anything, recruit in the US, for other roles. We're not going to try to steal them and have them work here. Some roles are very important in the US. We could hire recruiters, marketing, people, design, graphic designers, you know, anything that could be remote for, like, business operations. So a lot of accounting, a lot of recruiting, lot of marketing, and a lot of IT engineers, not entry level, though, like senior to med or everything, everything that can be remote. So the ideal customer is someone who has already a hybrid model or a remote model. So startups tend to get that because, especially if they started in the last couple years during the pandemic, they all were remote anyway. Long established companies that have investment in brick and mortar love to have Nancy sitting next to them. I don't understand how you can work even after the pandemic, they're justifying their real estate. They're justifying that 10 year lease. We don't understand how they can have their accountant work from home. Didn't you do it during the pandemic? Well, depending on the state, depending on the you know, blue, red, like maskers, non faxers, all that, like some people did not ever quarantine or isolate. Yeah, that's available. Like you can you see this report? Yeah, you could probably help. I haven't done the research. It's a little tough in healthcare, because they were frontline workers. So as a company, a lot of their people had to work in the front lines. They never worked from home. They can't work from home recruiters, right? But their back office did work from home, so accounting, so it tech support, but as a as an industry, no, they're back in the office again because they were frontline care people. I think it's easier in tech companies, or easier in retail, where who actually had had an industry that worked from home. Senior Living is actually tough because they didn't work from home. Like, as an organization, they didn't work from home when they have the majority of their staff is caregivers. So yeah, there's 10 accountants, but like, get them back to the office. We already have the lease, already have the area have to justify, and some people just feel like they can't manage a team unless they're together. So I'm sharing that because those are the naysayers. But that's why I think for you in particular, George like you, would be able to identify other industries under other target markets, other than the ones we're somewhat stuck in. I'd love to have it still mission driven, if you can, like, I'm not opposed to wild, because it's not all recreational edibles. There's like pain management and stress reduction and PTSD, all these wonderful impacts that they showed on cannabis. The cannabis world is, is growing. It's only, I mean, they're exploding, and they have accountants, they have call center and they have engineers, and it like, Well, those are great roles in an industry I would love, for as long as possible, to say we're only working with impactful, mission driven industries. So I even if that means like, climate, or, you know, oil and gas, like alternatives, when did mission statement that is also, like, reflective of the community, or, yeah, giving back, yeah, for me, I don't want to leave aging. I would like to just do age tech next, and then tech next, and then Health Tech next. Like, but I don't I want to be careful. Like, don't really want to just hire for a POS system. Like, rather have it, or rather have a service related industry, yeah, but it doesn't have to. We have to be able to expand beyond our current industry. So why? You don't want to limit your thinking yet, but I'd like to say it should be impacting the world in a better place like nonprofits, because that's quite a filter, not necessarily, not necessarily, yeah, because there's like nonprofits on the other side of the scale, it's any company that has a social responsibility mission. It doesn't mean that their service is necessarily, you know, a mission driven service, but they have something that they do. Okay, so Well, I'm not going to turn away like we have. We have a BB CFO company, we have a real estate company. We have, I'm not going to turn them away. I'm just saying in our expansion plan, My ideal is to stay mission driven to change and impact, to improve the world, and feel proud of the companies we're working for. So so the ideal customer is okay with a remote employee. They don't have to hire a full team, so they don't have to have their move their whole accounting department. Here, we can start with you have an open position. Let us recruit at the same time you recruit in the US, we'll bring you candidates. If you like the candidates, interview them. If you hire them, we'll start the process of getting them on our books. It's as easy as that. You don't have to make major commitments or change until you like someone, and you don't have to change the whole department. You can just add one person, as long as you have some remote capability. Does it cost any company to hire you to recruit, or do they only pay once you hire? They pay once they decide to hire. There's no rest up front. They can even sign the MSA like get processed to be a client and still not pay a dime until they hire their first person with us. So there's no financial risk I will share just so it's clear that, like recruiting is a part of the overhead cost they eventually pay for as a client, as their client, but that's distributed across everything as a service, so it's not there's no risk to let us start recruiting. For you, there's no downside, really, no right. Can you think of any downside to let us start recruiting? Yeah, no. The only downside that we'll hear is like, well, it's, I don't ever plan to allow my employees to be fully remote, or I don't allow I so it's gonna waste your time. I'm never gonna hire or, you know, we have too many biases against Mexico, with our with our team, this is a reality. We talk about orange haired balloon command that like wants to build a freaking wall. Well, no. Well, no, well, we have to see some of the biased realities, because I'm probably not going to convince those people that Mexico is a great place to work. Hey, if

Unknown Speaker  48:30
you hire people from Mexico, they stay here.

Sarah Thomas  48:39
Okay? It. Oh, that's bad. That's good. It's so bad. On that note, you will get the question. I mean, I don't expect you to be able to answer everything, but like we get the question, you know, we need them to be able to come for our strategic planning once a year, or we have quarterly leadership meetings. Can they come here ever? And we just need to know when we're recruiting that that's a requirement, and we'll make sure that they already have a visa when we screen them the client No, no. They want to know their No, they're employed. They want to know that their employees can go to the corporate offices in the US or go on site. Yes, and not everybody can, not everybody can go work in the US, but you so if they tell us that, we can say when we'll screen for the criteria of they have to have a visa, or we'll help them apply for a visa so that then they can come for those meetings or for those quarterly events. So that it's not like you can now, it's only 100% remote you can. Or see them, we highly encourage you to come down. Our clients often come down for trainings and team building. Also, we have clients who regularly send their employees to the US to be involved in the US team. If there's any way, we can maybe interview anyone that's been on the sales team and see what kind of pushback is most common that they get from the sales team. You're the sales Yeah. Well, what about events? And I'm telling you all the pushback, okay, but that is super helpful to know. Yeah, I'm telling you so like, the biggest pushback is, well, the biggest pushback is, I don't know how to run a remote team, and if I want people in the office, then they don't become client like you have to convince them too much to Yeah, so sometimes, though, hey, it's free to recruit with us, so why don't just keep us in your back pocket? Because sometimes they don't fill that position. Okay? And so they come back because they say, All right, I can't, I can't I have to allow it to be remote. I have to allow it to be remote because I want them in the office. But no one wants to come to the office anymore. So, so there's still, yeah, valuable, like, person to not burn a bridge. You don't burn a bridge. Yeah, no burning. Well, I mean, sometimes I'm like, Fine, you're an idiot. Like, obviously it's your management skills that can't communicate. Like, you know, you know my attitude, I can give it right back to them, but eventually they'll come back. Sometimes, the one thing I will say is our major value proposition, pre pandemic, even through the middle of the pandemic, was major cost savings so that you can build your team more efficiently. It's not right now, major cost savings like it used to be 50 to 60% less to fill the position here and then in the US. That was a huge value proposition. It's about 20% less now because of the way that pays up to the US. Dollar, okay, it's only the exchange that made that problem. Wow. Dollar fell apart. Pesos went up. Pesos value went up. That's good, not for us, like majorly, not for us. To give you an example, about a year ago, Charles's invoices went up between 40 and $90,000 a month just on the exchange. That's as a client. Once you get hit, it's a lot of money a month, but a lot of money. You're not locked into it like your your rate varies with the market. Or do the their invoices vary with the market, which is not good, because then they get surprised when things slip. Is that a pushback that's only now because people are a little bit more aware of that people ask about it. But a good example of something that's like a so that, well, we can craft a response to it? Yeah. So we lead now with all the other value proposition. And we talk about, for instance, we're still cost saving. You don't need real estate, you don't need an office like you don't need the laptops as a service. We have the IT hardware here that we're providing the benefits it is loaded. Everyone tells us, oh, we want someone for 55,000 as a salary. And I'm like, I still try to get this to be better presented, because 50, $50,000 for a salary is what the salary is that they're offering that employee. But when they budget for that employee, they have loaded in benefits that are like, an additional 20 to 30% Where's ours is all inclusive. All inclusive. They're not paying an additional 20 to 30% so we gave them the 20 to 30% savings that they would have to pay. But they don't think of it that they're like, Well, no, that's a $55,000 employee, yeah. But all in like, all of your costs are different than your loaded employee. I don't think we're using that right comparison number, to be honest, but I think we just need to work with Benson recruiters on that. Okay, so we're going to work on the ideal customer, a little bit more talking points on value proposition, which I just talked through the model. It's, you know, just a small refinement and then summarizing a video so people don't have to watch the whole wide deal. What else would you need to either know or have as an asset to give people? Or what do you want? Or you want to say that I would love any analytics you have on any website traffic. How people are finding you? You don't have it yet. We don't have traffic. I mean, nobody finds us from the website. It is only word of mouth referrals of known people. I don't have a single unknown. Client, that's where I swear I can help. I don't have a single unknown client. Unknown client. Yeah, our clients only came from people we know we knew. Oh no, like how? I guess they go to our LinkedIn page if they have a question, because they want to see if we're legitimate. They go to our website, but they call me. They call Vince. Every client. Do you have an internal search in your website? Like a little, okay? It's a no one uses our website right now. We do not reach anyone except we have, like, a network of people who follow LinkedIn. We do not have, we don't know. We do nothing with our website. Well, that's great, because only room for improvement there, yeah, but if you do have any analytics, any access to the type of comments people are engaging with LinkedIn, on Facebook, on Twitter, I only use LinkedIn. I want to have LinkedIn, very intentional. Very intentional later, but yeah, even though she means she our LinkedIn is big boy. Well, I know I follow it. I like the posts, like, we have 10,000 people. Look how freaking small we are. Like we have no it's good stuff, but it's but it's really valuable and interesting stuff too. If you have the analytic business, yeah, I could maybe see if we, if I, especially if you pay for it, you're gonna be able to see what kind of people, oh, we have, yeah. So if we can do the analytics with you, I'd love to get him in. We can use one of our logins or whatever, to, like, do I love that. This is where we have a blank slate right now. It's amazing. We have done this much, nothing digital, not a single digital thing other than LinkedIn storytelling, we can do like maybe a separate meeting and just analytics and then even come up with the types of words that you want to appear for in Google, like, like, Who do you want to show up for? What are they certain? What are those people searching for? I'm sure you have really good, oh, I get like, five emails a day, at least on we read your website, and we have done this Google Analytics analysis, and you're not reaching any I know, but, like, I know it's true. It is true, yeah, but even if you had a good, optimized website, they just sent that stuff, because most people don't, yeah, like, so, so I know what you can do. And I know, like, there, I wanted to show you the referral network. I think we have opportunity to reach different markets, expand a market in a digital way that you're not going to all of the industry events. I am kids and I have that we have our referral network. How can we create a digital footprint avoiding the things i i want to avoid and do. And if we were to explode by reaching digital like beyond our I know you, and you know me, which is all we do right now, how do we grow the capacity to handle that which, that's a conversation for you and I like, because right now, I think I've had a bit of a fear or apprehension of, if we just get this to a bunch of unknowns, can we handle the volume? We're in a better position now. We can do it. We can grow. We can scale. A good problem to have, right? Yeah, but look at I don't have that problem because we have not touched anything digital, any communities you're a part of, any associations like professional associations? Yes, yeah. Professional associations, any links to like, all of the events that you're trying to be present at, whether for finding clients or for becoming a knowledge expert. In their eyes, for sure. Honestly, any lists you have would be helpful. But, I mean, for another time, I knew this would go in this direction, I wanted to see how so I think we could use help with our digital strategy for sure. And I think if we can get a list of, like, all the things you need to see in order to then help with a digital strategy. I think that that would be good, like we have our you can pop into our CRM and see, like, what we have. I just went to the Ziegler conference. They're all senior living operators who have invested in an H tech portfolio. All of the H tech portfolio companies were attended. We got the attendee list. We have in our CRM, the names of all the attendees, all the companies that came to that event. We do this 20 times a year, probably a minimum, knowing how many events I went to. We're not using that list well enough. We're not. Saying the company lists from that we're not using. It's still there. It's still just as valuable as it was before. So it's good that you've been capturing. It's not too late. We have a pretty robust but, yeah, what we're about to handle September? I'm gone. You know, I'm gone for three months. That's what happens September to November. You never see because I commerce, conference, conference, conference, if we can have a plan before going into that, yeah, of like, what is the post event? Follow up, what is the pre? I mean, we do a good job of posting. I'm going to be there at LinkedIn, on LinkedIn, and afterwards taking a summary of whatever. But beyond LinkedIn, there's Vince is, I think, limited to his digital plan he had. He will see an email list, and he might send sales. Loft has an ability to go send, like, an email out to everyone from the attendee list, but like, and then he gets on our list. It gets quarterly emails, but kind of it, you know, we don't have any list of emails. Would be cool, too. I look to check out. What if there's any trends where those people are, if you have, if you have any, not much, if you make any payments or like, if you're a member of any software that helps you parse LinkedIn contacts and, like, automate any of that stuff. But, yeah, we can tell you what we have now. Yeah, and any marketing tools that would be helpful to know what they are so that we can use that data, the marketing tool is, that's it. I mean, we just use LinkedIn and then later we don't have a strategy I don't have, but what we can do is show you all the tools we buy into. So like, maybe you'd see a way to use it in a way we don't like. We use HubSpot, we have sales loft. We have workable we have pro LinkedIn, workable as our workable as our applicant tracking tool and recruiting platform, but, and we have bamboo, which is our HR as system, yeah, your CRM, well, if You have a CMS system, like for your website, though, CRM, is your website on WordPress or what's it built on? Great, and we have a developer, like an on call developer, that we can just sit to, just just paid to do whatever you do. Though it's good stuff. I'm very familiar with it, so that helps. Yeah, well, and there might be things like, I there's a couple things I want to do to the website that he keeps saying he either can't do or, like, it's gonna we can talk about some of that stretch. Yeah, happy to open that stuff. I almost don't drive track traffic to it because they don't love the website, but most people don't love the website. Website is going to be a huge resource, I think, because we'll be able to use it as an inbound marketing tool, as in, like if we optimize specific pages for those specific long tail keywords that, like the ideal customer already knows about already we're already looking for what you offer like we can probably rank really well because your website has been around for a while, so it's got that going for it. And you have all this content in your newsletter that can just be turned into blog posts, and then up to I know we're not maximizing that stuff yet on an especially in an automated way. And so I'd love to generate one of what I've wanted to do is an RSS feed on the website that anytime we post to LinkedIn, it automatically comes there, so that we can see, yeah, we've got some pushback on whether we can do that. There's ways to do it, just in several ways. And two things we can talk about later. We should go to lunch with Louise. Think of anything else that you need to know wearing the referral partner hat, because some people are going to just do outreach for us and need tools. I love it to like, maybe listen to a recording of a call that you have with a new customer and or be just a silent listener, just see how you answer questions that come up, yeah, and what, like, really interested in what kind of questions your ideal customer has. Rabble off that everybody asked, but yeah, yeah, because each one of those can be used as like, as like, a content strategy piece, Yeah, but you're getting into your digital strategy hat, and I want to get into no one else that we're going to bring in the referral network is going to be like yours. So I want to please come back, not now. We're going to leave now, but come back to what resource. Is a typical referral partner, Whitney, you are thinking referral partner on this like scale, so I don't know. I'm not sure what, what those would even entail, other than what I know, because you're going into digital strategy and what you want to do for the org, which is awesome, because we need it. But if I just say, hey, Linda, you have friends like, here's some resources. Learn what best. Tell us. And like any logo you send to us, I get that. I think I might be just as valuable with the other stuff. No, you're more valuable, if not more value. No, no, I still want to do. No, no, you're more valuable. I understand you're more valuable. But I'm asking you today to help us with with what we would need for these other people, not you, because you're going to do these other things. Yes, okay, yeah, yeah. I would love to. I don't want any call or or just to see a like a recording of a call that you have, like the next three calls, what I'm hearing from you is you don't have enough of the Q and A's that people ask. Well, I think I do, because I'm not having 20 people sit on my business call. So So I'm asking for a recording. But when you have a call, you're saying that you give them every the answer to every question that they have, and no one ever has questions. Or does everyone have questions? Well, that's why the same the ones that I told you, okay, no, but what I'm hearing is you still would not feel comfortable answering questions. So the typical referral partner will need FAQ I wouldn't feel comfortable without some kind of script or some kind of understanding of the flow of the conversation that you as a CEO and that you your whole team as so an FAQ, if I put together, this is what they ask it. This is how to answer, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that would be, for sure, helpful for people like myself. Yeah, do you have one on your site? Because we're not talking about the digital strategy right now, the same stuff, it's one of the same No, but it's not. What I need right now is to build a referral partner network, and that's the focus today in a separate conversation, always the digital strategy. I think a recording of like just your cadence, of how you speak to clients, I think, will be really helpful for people that are going to go and basically do what, what you are doing, hopefully. And I think even just reading an FAQ will only go 80% I think being able to, I can script out, we can script out a sales demo video so that it's a mock client and sales answer and show how people typically ask and how people and what get answer. Because I can pull from the last like five clients, they all have the same questions that we can just go through and just do a mock interview and record it so that okay? So sure, okay. Also, what I was just gonna say, we can come up with, like a drip campaign. And knew you're gonna go, well, not necessarily digital, but even if it's like in a week after talking to the person, give them a call, you know, but also have them link on an email list that nudges them, that can just, you know, that can be connected to each Individual referral partner, so that they get credit for it, so you probably the your calendar that you created, of like, what type of correspondence we would send out when maybe we could run that by them at some point, because we want to, like, front load all the documents. But then also, here's the 30 that are going to help you the most. And then also, hey, we have a new video. And here's the newsletter monthly, and, like, I think we can time it so that they're feeling engaged. We should do an onboarding of the 10 and then a monthly cadence of communication. So thank you for all of those awesome and also these are like we you have enough to do once a month for the next year, like already. So that part is good, then I think the newsletters are going to get them feeling a part of the community even more so thank you, George and thank you. I think we should do a digital strategy too. I have an immediate need for this because. So Vince is feeling very overwhelmed with the lack of pipeline, and he wants the team that I can't hire. The only thing I can do is put a referral source together, quick referral team, so he sees people, so he's knows the people around him. I have to do that. First, the biggest impact is a digital strategy. Then we build the pipeline and all these, they come organically from that. But he needs to feel like, in the next couple weeks, this has to be done, and so that we should be talking about, because it is going to grow the company. But he needs to feel, I have people who have his back, who are out there just talking to people about us. And so the materials have to be done and ready, and we have to get them engaged. Now we have to get them engaged. So that's why I keep going back to like, let's finish this today, because I agree with you. The three of us can go tackle all that digital stuff very soon, and that's going to grow the company for us. Ironically, Vince isn't going to be involved in that much because he does not have time. So he should. He's the head of sales, but I think we're going to have to do the digital strategy without him, and then update him on what we do. So what's the top two things that like our next steps for the referral partner network? Vince Noemi and I need to compare who is going to be involved in it, and no, Emmy and I are, well, she just pulled all of these together, so we need to create these three of which she pretty much just did, but I'll refine them. And then I think you're right that a sample sales like demo, video, Q and A, and summarize that in an FAQ, document, even audio is okay, yeah. So yes, they do, do, they do video covered, like, Zoom stuff. Well, they, like me, kind of Vince, do video with people so, but we can do a mock interview and then take the questions from that and do a script of an FAQ. That's easy and that's immediate, even if we don't get time to consolidate the ygdl. It's not that important, because there's a ton of resources, and we can get this started right away, like we can. I believe we can pull them up. We have enough information I probably should record, like the talking points or the difference of the model, but at least if we have a page to review, deal. I'll record record. I've recorded everything we talked about, so I'll organize some notes, and then we can add to it as well. Okay, thank you. Thank you.
